[Music]
well awake in the morning I step outside
and I take a deep breath better Gabriel
I am now back at the desk what's going
on I'm at the desk you guys I'm here you
want to hear a little insider secret did
you know youtubing I have not showered
for a single one of these desk videos
not one that's pretty that's not a good
thing at all
who yous guys I'm excited for this one
today do you remember the 90s and/or the
early 2000s do you remember a bangin
news program called Dateline NBC do you
remember one of the greatest shows on
television to catch a predator starring
Hollywood hottie and hang some hometown
hunk Chris Hanson well I remember that
phenomenon and as some of you may
remember that was a pretty cool show for
those of you that don't know the whole
concept of the show to catch a predator
was this guy named Chris Hanson let's
throw his picture on screen hmm look at
that man
look at man look at that champion of
journalism right there Dateline NBC
would partner with some watchdog groups
that would go in and specialize in
trying to lure pedophiles out of the
woodwork from chat sites that God knows
who's heard about and then they would
lure the scumbags to a trap house with
hidden cameras and then the guy would
come in and set his bag of stuff on the
on the counter
it'd always be like snacks and [__] and
condoms and stuff you call them what's
going on 13-year old girl and then would
it be a 13 year old girl
uh-uh psyche [__] it's Chris Hansen
that's not a lady that's a guy that's
the handsomest guy I ever saw throw a
picture on screen again look I meant mmm
Chris Hansen would be very forthright
why don't you take a seat so do you know
what are you doing here tonight you're
coming to meet a 13 year old girl oh I'm
just here watch the game oh well I've
got the logs right here it says that you
know you showed her your your blank and
then you proceeded to well engage in a
series of provocative sexually Bran
charge ma'am and under that amendment
yeah but I'm a bit mad messages hey guys
floor Gus here your entertainment
captain ding this video was sponsored by
audible and as you probably already know
audible is the number-one place to
listen to audiobooks and see their wide
collection of audible originals
if you've ever wanted
myself or the channel but I haven't
really been able to squeeze out a couple
bucks no worries it's free just pull out
your phone and text gusts to 500 500 you
help me out a great deal and you get
free stuff too texts Gus - 500 500 or go
to audible.com slash Gus and sign up
today you get a free audiobook and a
free 30-day trial and two free audible
originals so thank you audible for
sponsoring we'll hear more from them
later
what are we taping this bad boy to today
how's about some pepper spray pepper
spray so that's what the show was they
trap pedophiles they made him embarrass
the [__] they made him leave the house
thinking oh god I really learned my
lesson and then who is waiting outside
our [__] it's larai enforcement
oh can I just mention right away look at
this Poppins shirt BAM every cat at 3m
ever that viral video lol you guys I'm
so trendy I'm really trendy you guys so
please go buy a shirt it's only
available for a couple of weeks and
depending on when this video goes up
depending on when the sponsor is
approval
Mitchell Robbins can of soup shirt is
going away as well so please get
yourself a little holiday gear or than
to the New Year gear I love to catch a
predator and it went off the air which
sucks but then in 2017 or 18 or 16 I did
not do my research I'd never do that the
show kind of came back crime watched
daily which is this news publication
that I and you have never heard of
started posting Chris Hansen predator
pedophile videos again and it rocks so
let's take a look at this crowning
achievement in cinematic history it's
Saturday night in the Connecticut
suburbs autumn is in the air
and this guy is bringing pizza to the
door oh by the way if you watch these
videos there's like all this like
low-tech spy [__] like believe me in the
camera interface stuff like they have
not upped their production since 2002
and I love it Jeff so cool is no pizza
delivery man cops say he's here to meet
a 13 year old girl so cool drove all the
way from Boston to our sting house in
Fairfield Connecticut there's like 30 of
them in every episode his date with a 13
year old is going to be on national TV
Chad gets a little launching are you a
virgin lol yeah that is personal
no I was with my boyfriend once I really
want to be intimate with you do you have
pretty feet LOL yeah i don't have
homeless feet how would you like to be
chris in the studio there LOL i don't
have homeless feet how is your [__] you
know what i love to you about a lot of
these like gotcha new shows and like
these sting operations stuff is usually
they don't have the news hosts reading
the text messages it's good that they
got chris hansen because he's able to
sell it he's a good performer but
usually they just get these people that
they hire for voice work and it's like i
know that you don't want to inject a lot
of like love and passion into reading
the lines of like a pedophile talking to
a child but it's always these people
that talk like mmm baby oh yeah your
pictures look so cute and pretty
haha i bet you tell that to all your
girls nah girl only for you winky face
want to get my big ole salami rod up
into your little crotch rocket but he
says he now drives for lyft the
ride-sharing service do you think blanks
eyes manners nope X was decent I'm not
that big but I know how to satisfy a
girl really know how to reel them in
Jeff hey baby I'm a middle-aged lyft
driver with a very very small wean do
you want to plow after algebra class so
cool arrives at the house our on-site
decoy a 19 year old theatre student lets
him in the door
no just really dark eyes Noakes it's
really dark out
it's [__] nerd thirteen-year-old it's
night okay also this girl does a really
good job of thinking on her feet but
[__] does she look 13 this girl
looks twenty years old easy
come on only a [__] idiot would think
that that's a thirteen year old girl so
like like the small pizza there's like
almost as big as the big one so I don't
know that uses small dude again this guy
is Don Juan over here really selling
stuff so you're about to like bone a two
young teenager and your lead in line is
like yeah I couldn't find the house it
was really dark
then you hit him right in with the
follow-up of yeah they're small pizza
actually turned out to be like super
like big have a hug
try not to jab you with my tiny little
member here
No
you should be out tonight who's this get
to that minute who are you who's this
who's this that's like the answer that a
dad gives when one of his pals comes
over for the neighborhood barbecue this
walk in the door hey who's this hey who
let you guys in here you're Jeff right
yeah and what are you doing here tonight
Jeff hey you know hanging out with whom
I want to know a little bit more about
you first night first sure go ahead
he's so relaxed in convinced of his
innocence he eats a slice of pizza
can I eat first oh my god dude I can't
even eat food while I'm watching this
video of someone else's life falling
apart in front of their eyes so you
drove two and a half hours sure sure did
damn right I'm a blueblood patriot drive
to a half hours if I want to what's it
to you buddy and your dad to meet a
young girl you get to that in a minute
hello he's using the pizza as like a
weapon a little barrier are you or dad
tell me I got a hot slice of SOG I go
ahead so cool probably should have
brought napkins I haven't done anything
wrong
okay I know that this guy's like a
pedophile or whatever but easily the
most egregious part of this man is how
he eats pizza can we get another replay
on that oh my god this man is a tried
and true monster did you bring some kind
of conference you some sort of marriage
conference let's see if any of this
sounds familiar why you enjoy your pizza
god this guy's [__] gross stop balls
on this dude oh my god the balls on this
guy
how do you do all this [__] chat up a 13
year old girl walk into a home clearly
get confronted by who appears to be in
this guy's mind law enforcement or her
dad
it'd be like yeah what about it just
[__] laugh in his face Mao down on
pizza like you're a goddamn hyena well
since your mom isn't home it's the best
time to do it
I would but only if you want me to and
then you say do you trim your one okay
now you know that school's 13 run geez
okay next you could say it though you
can say [__] bra like we're just
chilling here we're seeing pizza this
sad Hanson as a 44 year old guy I
shouldn't be talking to
thirteen-year-old girls like this you
don't want to what am I supposed to me
about but a little bit did you bring
condoms with you tonight
well they plan on having sex always of
the bald-faced lies that these guys have
- it's like so you hit up a 13 year old
girl you sent like clearly explicit
messages like hey how's about that [__]
that put the [__] sorry I kind of stole
that joke from Eddie sorry Eddie thank
you for letting me borrow your joke for
saying that words quietly you got the
text logs and the dudes right in front
of you and it's like were you planning
on having sex tonight yeah I was talking
about cats explain into it just wanted
to come hang out it looks like here you
wanted to come here and have sex with a
13 year old girl okay is there is that
against the law - like today house sex
with a 13 year old girl and you're 44
yes it's against long bro I don't
ascribe to that law dude I don't know
you tell me
actually I do not know could you please
run that past me is that against the law
I this is very vital that I actually um
is that against the law
please sir would you like a slice do you
want some za you see how this looks okay
but but but do you also see that I was
pretty apprehensive about the whole sex
thing what's the over-under on him
picking up pizza again you think he's
gonna keep eating place your bets down
below boys okay I'm gonna drive two and
a half hours oh yeah 95 from Boston okay
okay pizza's picked up pizza's picked up
seemed cool to hang out with I mean with
that I can't find any had nothing older
girls I can but I had nothing else going
on no you decided you just come out and
hang out with a dirty old girl yeah you
can clearly pizzas in the mouth
damn how do you eat during this I was
thinking I'm not gonna have sex with her
unless it's legal so you talk about a
plan to make it legal to marry her right
yeah not like it's not in two seconds
yeah oh god what do I look like a
monster not in two seconds like i court
the middle schooler for like a couple of
weeks before I bone her jaw that's pizza
- that's not a sex thing I was being
Jeff you love her know you want to have
sex with her I
no if you want to marry her what do you
don't know she's 13 did you want to have
sex with this girl
no what dude this guy's digging graves
faster than um who digs graves uh grave
digger he's digging them faster than a
grave they're not the monster truck the
person that digs graves there's a good
miss good commentary video well what
else am I supposed to thank Jeff do I
seem like it like it like a dishonest
dirty person
um yes yes yes you do can you just tell
me who you are
I'm Chris Hanson and this is an
investigation so if there's anything
else you want people to know anything
you want to say now would be a good time
this yeah I don't want to talk anymore
come on you can leave you shut it off I
can't sure I like that - every guy that
gets trapped in this position they
always like the cameras come out and
they're like can you shut this off like
what are you expecting oh my god you
know what we didn't ask your permission
to film I am so sorry I feel like a real
buffoon right now come on fellas turn
off the cameras again Jeff so sorry kind
of slice oh that's off we did all my
years of catching these guys I've never
had an offer like this if you take your
pizza if you like we were joking the
whole time I can't believe [__] did
that Jeff my guy take the El and get the
hell out of this domicile it's for you
guys
how about you guys damn Jeff feel the
love guy hey you know what guys I got a
big pie I don't know if you heard before
but the small was actually a lot larger
than I thought we got beets over all the
boys in here dig in fellas
the rest of these videos are usually
just them like panicking treading water
in the police interrogation room and
spoiler alert these guys they always get
booked I mean duh there's like mountains
of evidence to put them away if you have
not checked out crime watch daily go
check them out they are not a sponsor
the show but I mean it's entertaining as
hell I you feel uncomfortable you
definitely it's not something you put on
while you're trying to eat a slaw
Pizza but go check them out cuz you will
be a better person hey guys did you like
that did you have a lot of fun well the
fun doesn't have to stop there cuz you
could be listening to an audiobook right
now on audible
listen straight up you want to know what
I'm listening to right now it's the
Green Mile Stephen King you ever seen
that movie the Frank Darabont one
starring Tom Hanks ping it's a banger
the books even better straight up it's
one of my favorite books of all time
it's a hell of an adventure story and
it's a great mystery if you want to
check it out you can listen to it
completely free just text Gus to 500 500
or go to audible.com slash Gus and
you'll get a book completely for free
get the Green Mile I would really
recommend it if you visit audible.com
slash Gus or Tex Gus - 500 500 not only
do you get a free audiobook you get two
free audible originals and a 30-day free
trial we're coming up on Christmas you
got a little book hound nephew or a cool
cousin that you want to get them a gift
for audible it's cheap as hell and it's
a great great way to stay entertained
audible has an absolutely unmatched
selection great things that you can
listen to while you're doing stuff like
working out or like maybe doing some art
for college then the finals are coming
up listen to a book duh do some art
listen to a book that's double the
learning double the knowledge to make
yourself audible is the best way the
best service to listen to books and I
really really personally recommend them
they have helped youtubers out for years
with sponsorships they're sponsoring me
now they're helping out this video thank
you audible for sponsoring if you want
to go get a free book - free audible
originals and a 30-day free trial go to
audible.com slash Gus links are down
there in the description or text Gus -
500 500 it's so easy it's free takes a
couple of seconds and it helps me out
greatly and you get some cool free stuff
too so thank you audible thank you
everybody I'm getting off the floor cuz
I am in bad shape and I'm losing my
breath - two trains leaving fellas and
ladies
[Music]
[Applause]